stefan's lecture (5mins long, not really a lecture. ha)

* each week one group member needs to submit burndown and kanban charts to blackboard, and velocity
* each week *all* group members need to submit a peer review, where we grade every other person in the group:
   2 - contirbuted a lot or did well 
   1 - contributed *something*
   0 - didn't contribute
  -1 - had a negative impact on the group's work

this needs to be a csv file, with a group member's name followed by a comma, then one of the above numbers, on each line of the file. 
these review numbers count for most of our grades for the project. 

two deliverable dates:
  15/3 - interim demo 
  15/4 - final product presentation
         presentation needs video which will be used for future years or something like that...

lacey mentions *the mythical man month* - add people to a project early, not late. 

brief overview of our progress (there are only two of us here though)
he - ran into issues with skin tones in hand tracking, lacey says he can help with this
ciaran - have some basic face detection working - it currently takes a video and strips it down to the frames that contain a face, shortening the video. it could also 


lacey asked about doing vision on the devices themselves - this can be a stretch goal, i guess. 

**Hand Tracking**
luminance is the problem with hand tracking dark skin
convolutional pose machines
ltsm - for sequences of images
optimal flow? 


TODO
move to trello - or swiftkanban?
submit this weeks burndown, kanban and peer reviews

tasks have been updated in trello and stuff has been added to the backlog
