Required for next friday's scrum class: USER STORIES

Gerry Lacey suggested:
* Focus on trying to reduce video length to help with speeding up the process, sounds like a good first step.
* Everything is probability based, we don't need the system to be perfect or something along those lines.
* Avoid writing core OpenCV code, use what's available
* Adhere to the Pareto principle
* Look at research into video aided smoking cessation, since the physical actions of putting a cigarette to ones mouth is similar to what we're looking into

For now, we figured we could break the problem up into four main parts, these can change or can be expaned if needed:

* Detect video frames of interest when hand covers mouth/face of patient*
* Identify patient using facial recognition (may require small amounts of manual intervention)
* Identification of the pills themselves
* Detect a swallowing action? (maybe impossible)

For now, we've suggested that we focus on the frames of interest, when the hand goes to the mouth. 
General TODO, with some vague priorities:

1. **Product Backlog & Sprint Backlog**
  * this needs to be submitted next week - 8th Feb
  * columns for PB include:
    1. User
    1. Feature
    1. Benefit
    1. Priority
    1. Comment
    1. Tag/Label
  * columns for SB include:
    1. Task
    1. Def. Done
    1. Estimated
    1. Tag/Label

1. Open Github repo (yay)
  * add everyone
  * add folders: research, code, requirements, i have no idea

1. Start recording and collecting videos
  * if everyone fakes a video a day in different conditions that would be coooool!
  * videos should show you eating a pill, pill should be shown first, in case. Eat all the tictacs? i dunno
  * do one a day? be sound ;)
  * start amassing vidoes on... dropbox or something? i don't think github is great for large binaries. maybe google drive would be easiest.

1. Start researching approaches, i.e. libraries we can use or relevant use
  suggested:
  * Mobile Vision by Google
  * OpenCV



